[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi, I'm Bob Bailey, a Learning
Specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see how to
determine how much of a video
is being watched.
The Engagement report
in the Analytics module
is used to view
video engagement.
While a high number
of video views
may indicate that
a video is popular,
viewing the video
engagement for a video
will show viewer
behavior over time.
Are viewers watching
most of the video
or are they dropping
off after a few seconds?
Start by using the date selector
in the upper right of the page
to select the date
range for your report.
I'm going to select
Last 30 days.
Next I'll select
the video dimension.
Click on any of the column
headers to sort the data
by that column.
I'm going to sort
by Views at 1%.
Click on a video title to look
at the engagement for a video.
This graph will show the
number of views over time.
Ideally, this line would
go straight across,
indicating that everyone who
started watching the video
watched the entire video.
You may want to investigate
any sudden spikes or drops
in the engagement graph.
You can click on the graph
and use the preview player
to view that part of the video.
To locate a specific
video, use the search box
at the top of the page.